
Beat 'Em Up Game in Unity

Rubric (40 points)

Game System (15 points)
Player ability to move and jump
Possible combat system 
Enemy System
User health system
Special attack system 

Start Menu (10 points)
Multiple options in the menu
Settings that can be changed 
Pause system potentially
Death Screen

Level System (10 points)
Enemy Waves
Possible objects in level layout
 
Audio (3 points)
Character sound effects
Attack Sounds
Possible background music

Optimization (2 points)
Make sure game isn’t too hard
Make sure game runs smoothly
No bugs


Time Log

Date
Time
Description

3/26/2025
1 hour
Met with group members during the lab session to discuss what to do next.

3/25/2026
1 hour 
Went ahead and set up everything we would need to make the game (Unity, Github, VsCode)

3/27/25
1.5 hours
Watched some videos to get a understanding of how Unity works with Git

3/28/25
1.5 hours
Implemented a Start game and Quit game button that ends the program when pressed in Unity.
Total
5 hours

Individual Compilable Task
I went ahead and started to mess around with making a prototype of our menu screen. I was able to make 2 buttons (Start Game and Quit Game) that when pressed perform an action. The Start button does not do anything now since the game hasn't been made but the Quit button goes ahead and ends the 
program in Unity.

Repository Link
https://github.com/tlopez7/Scott-Emrich-Vs-The-World.git
 
Report/Next Steps
This challenge has helped me get a somewhat better understanding of how to use Unity in regards to making games. I was able to spend some time and watch videos in order to get a good idea of the way Unity functions. I was able to go ahead and implement buttons for our Main Menu and get a grasp of how long it will take to do more parts of the game. I think it will get easier as time goes on because my group as a whole will have a better understanding of how to accomplish tasks. Our next steps are to go ahead and start making the scene for our game and implement our character.



